Clarify how default scope settings can affect all site-accesses, including admin (#1212)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/siteaccess.md

            var_dir: var/site
```

> Be aware that the `default` scope overrides both back and front views.
> For example, the following configuration overrides both the front template for articles
> and the template used in the Back Office:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be aware that the `default` scope is  used by both backend and frontend siteaccesses.
For example, the following configuration sets article template globally, and is used across all siteaccesses unless also set in a higher priority scope:
```

Afaik the config reading order is default, group, siteacess and then global or whatever it is called. If so `default` does not override anything, but it is set as baseline config implicit for all siteaccesses
